c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll.config
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.dll
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.xml
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.pdb
c:\users\cool\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Accelist.InformationSystem.APILayer.pdb
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.pdb
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.Contrib.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.pdb
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.dll
C:\Users\tie_tieantono\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem_Development\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\obj\Debug\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Cool\Source\Repos\Accelist.InformationSystem\Accelist.InformationSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
